update cuspatial build doc (#132)
NVIDIA/spark-rapids-examples: examples/Spark-cuSpatial/README.md

| 2 GPU(T4) on Databricks | 9.1 seconds | 10.0 seconds | 12.1 seconds |

## Build
You can build the jar file [in Docker](#build-in-docker) with the provided [Dockerfile](./Dockerfile)
or you can build it [in local](#build-in-local) machine after some prerequisites.

### Build in Docker
1. Build the docker image [Dockerfile](./Dockerfile), then run the container.
     ```Bash
     docker build -f Dockerfile . -t build-spark-cuspatial
     docker run -it build-spark-cuspatial bash
     ```
2. Get the code, then run "mvn package".
     ```Bash
     git clone https://github.com/NVIDIA/spark-rapids-examples.git
     cd spark-rapids-examples/examples/Spark-cuSpatial/
     mvn package
     ```

> 3. You'll get "spark-cuspatial-22.04-SNAPSHOT.jar" in the target folder.

Reviewer: Better not specify the version in doc, otherwise, you need to update it each time the version is changed.
```suggestion
3. You'll get the jar named like "spark-cuspatial-<version>.jar" in the target folder.
```

    # or below command for the nightly (aka SNAPSHOT) version.
    conda install -c rapidsai-nightly -c nvidia -c conda-forge  -c defaults libcuspatial=22.04
    ```
5. Get the code, then run "mvn package".
     ```Bash
     git clone https://github.com/NVIDIA/spark-rapids-examples.git
     cd spark-rapids-examples/examples/Spark-cuSpatial/
     mvn package
     ```

> 6. You'll get "spark-cuspatial-22.04-SNAPSHOT.jar" in the target folder.      

Reviewer: Same as the above.

Author: updated, thanks
